( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Let's see where you can run.
Get up.
Are you okay?
Brother.
Let's go home.
Let's go.
Take it easy.
Are you done?
Who's there?
What are you doing?
Go.
Stop! Don't run!
Stop!
Xiaoling.
Hurry up.
Go. Don't move.
Get down.
Why are you running?
Brother.
Caught three people putting up posters.
This is a cultural institution
founded by Mr. Schirle, a German.
According to the agreement,
you need written authorization from the German Embassy
or Mr. Schirle
to conduct a search.
Search them and see what else they have.
Search.
Behave.
Brother.
Why are you out putting up posters
instead of sleeping at night?
Resisting the Japanese.
Do you think you few
can curse the Japanese to death
just by talking
and putting up a few posters?
If so, they would have been wiped out long ago.
Get out.
You mean it?
Really.
Get out of here.
Let's go.
Stop.
You don't want your things?
Just this once.
It won't happen again.
Let's go.
Brother.
There are no secrets in this world.
If Section Chief Qian asks tomorrow,
how do we explain this?
Idiot.
Putting up posters
isn't like murder or arson.
It's more like urinating in public.
You've been with me for so many years.
Do I still need to teach you?
Let's go.
Do you know what would have happened to you
if the Special Branch had caught you
today?
You would have lost your life.
You're grown up now, aren't you?
I can't control you anymore, can I?
Didn't you cry for freedom all day long?
Now I'm telling you,
you are free.
These are your things. Take them away.
From now on, I don't have a sister like you.
Whether you live or die has nothing to do with me.
Brother.
Don't be angry.
Let me be honest with you.
Do you know?
How many people in the Anti-Japanese United Army
we can save by sending a telegram?
But with every telegram we send out,
we face
immense danger and sacrifice.
Brother.
Do you know
why I take such great risks
to do this?
Why do so many people
leave their homes and families behind,
stepping into the breach
to embark on this path?
Because we are resisting the invaders.
We are protecting our country.
If the country falls,
we will all become slaves without a nation.
Brother,
don't blame me.
don't be mad.
Brother.
The Japanese came today
and asked us to promote Manchukuo songs.
To numb the youth with Manchukuo songs.
We can't do that.
Sister Qin.
I want to hold an open-air concert
in front of the harmonica club.
Besides playing 'The Song of the Volga Boatmen',
'Carmen', 'La Dame aux Camelias',
and 'Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake',
I also want to play our 'Battlefield Moon'
and 'Riding the Wind and Waves'
to awaken the youth
and unite more cultural figures
to resist the Japanese together.
Mr. Wang, you busy?
You're here.
Here to support your business again.
Great.
Take a look at this,
it stopped ticking.
Look at the back,
is it missing any parts?
This is quite an antique.
It's not easy to fix.
No problem if it can be fixed.
To fix this clock,
we need sturdy materials.
Preferably Japanese ones.
Tomorrow at this time,
have the water carrier deliver it to Xitou Well.
Alright, no problem.
Thanks for your hard work.
Take it.
Thank you.
I'm leaving.
Okay.
Take care.
Last night,
the newly built military supply warehouse
was blown up
by the Anti-Japanese United Army guerrillas.
The explosives used by the guerrillas
are of the same nature
as the previous
arsenal explosion.
It was the underground party's radio again
that sent intelligence to the assault team.
The radio station transferred to Xinshi Street
hasn't transmitted in the past two days.
Suzuki.
Did that radio station
sniff something out?
Captain.
That underground party radio station
is very cunning.
They use mobile transmission
and burst mode.
They finish sending the telegram
within three minutes and stop immediately
to reduce the probability of being detected.
It is quite normal for them
not to transmit for a day or two.
Captain.
Mr. Suzuki here is
a hound in the detection world.
Sorry.
This metaphor is not very appropriate.
Don't mind it.
I mean,
can we set a trap
for this rabbit?
Tell me about it.
Heming, Qin,
Xiaoxiong.
My eldest brother is here.
You are all here.
Mr. Shen,
sit down and talk.
Okay.
I brought you
the things you asked for.
Great.
Wait.
Before inspecting the goods,
I must declare one thing.
From now on, you must consult me
about anything involving my sister.
Let's put it this way.
From now on, I will take care of my sister's affairs,
and I will see them through
to the end.
All right. No problem.
As for the things on your list,
except for the vacuum tubes and resistors,
they are all here.
I will get them within a day or two.
You find a place
to install the transmitter first.
Let me know where it is then,
and I will personally deliver the vacuum tubes.
Okay.
Thank you, Mr. Shen.
Thank you.
All right, inspect the goods.
Then we can set up more checkpoints on Xinshi Street
to strictly check those carrying
resistors
and vacuum
tubes.
This way,
we can block the route for the underground party
to transfer the radio station.
Then our air-ground coordinated detection
will exert enormous power.
As long as the underground party uses the radio station,
they are courting death.
Before 12:00 noon,
set up checkpoints at all intersections on Xinshi Street
for strict inspection.
Anyone carrying electronic components
will be arrested.
Yes, sir.
It's very good.
Authentic Japanese goods.
Isn't Kang Suzuki's air-ground coordination powerful?
Yes.
What makes it powerful is its aerial part,
which is the commanding height of the
Chinese Eastern Railway Bureau Building.
The top platform
is like a watchtower.
The fixed direction finders
sweep around 360 degrees.
So,
the signals we transmit
are to them
like lighting a lantern at night.
Then where should the transmitter be installed?
A warehouse.
There's a warehouse on Xinshi Street
that is perfectly suitable.
Okay.
Let's install the transmitter there.
Bastard.
What the hell?
Have mercy, officers!
I'm just an honest,
small business owner.
I sell sewing supplies
to pay for my child's medical bills.
I don't know what's going on.
Cut the crap. Take him away.
Get up.
Mr. Shen.
Section Chief Qian is here in person.
What big event has happened?
Nothing.
Just a routine inspection.
Thanks for your hard work.
Not at all.
Business has been booming for you lately, Mr. Shen.
What good stuff are you loading back there?